Alrighty, so you've reached the end
of the newly-created, remastered content for this course.
Now if you're not sure what I'm talking about,
refer to our video in section one of this course,
course remaster in progress, where I give you the details
of what's actually happening.
Long story short is that I'm remastering the entire course,
each and every video.
I'm going through and looking at the content,
and looking at any questions and answers, any confusion,
that came up as a result of that video from students,
incorporating the answers to those questions,
and basically improving the course, adding more slides,
and making this a better experience.
Now obviously, with a 77 hour course,
it's going to take me some time to complete it all,
so what I'm doing is completing a section
of the course at a time.
And that's why you've actually now
just finished the last section, this was the last section,
I completely remastered that section.
So I'm doing that one section at a time,
so I'm now working on the next section of the course,
the one immediately after the one you've just finished.
Now if you wanna see a work in progress,
check out the end of this course,
there's a section there on the work in progress.
Once I've finished that section,
I'll then slide it into place,
and you're able then to use that new content.
But look, the old style content is still 100% relevant.
So don't think you need to wait for this new content.
The old style content is completely relevant.
It's there for you, and you'll be able to use it,
it'll just look a little bit different.
It's just that I'm making the new style content better,
based on the feedback I've got over the years.
But, look, tens of thousands of people have been
through this content and absolutely loved it.
So whatever you do, don't stop
your Java progress journey now, don't wait for new content,
keep going through the course,
and watch the announcements because on a regular basis,
I'll post an announcement to let you know the progress,
and when a new section's done.
And then, if you want to, you can then go back
at that point in time and check that section if you want,
or you can just continue to move on.
All right, so for now though,
you can move on to the next section.
I'll see you in that section.